Improvements from feedback (#118)
owncloud/docs-ocis: modules/ROOT/pages/deployment/general/general-info.adoc

// https://owncloud.dev/ocis/getting-started/demo-users/
// fixme: with the new upcoming LibreIDE, things are changing - needs revision

WARNING: You can let oCIS create demo users and groups for testing purposes. Because these demo users and groups can be a significant security issue, _you should remove them before going productive or your system is exposed to the outside world_.

> To let oCIS create these demo users and groups for you, start the _runtime_ one time with:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To let oCIS create these demo users and groups for you, start the _runtime_ once with:
```
